oh good morning guys and welcome back to
the vlog good morning so today me and
Alex yeah we've decided to switch things
up a little bit we're actually gonna go
out and run some errands explore London
a little bit have some fun
and then do our studying in the
afternoon evening before we go out for
the night with our friends hey guys so
Nasser from the future here the video
that you're about to watch was actually
recorded in December of 2019 I came
across the video files by accident on
one of my old hard drives and I can't
believe I haven't edited it yet because
it's such a good vlog in super exciting
news Alexia has actually started her
very own YouTube channel she's been
watching me make videos for over two
years now and really enjoyed being part
of the Paris vlog that we filmed
together she wants to start documenting
her life and sharing it online which I'm
just really excited about because I
think she's such an amazing person and I
can't wait to see her channel grow she's
already posted a couple of videos to the
channel which I think are excellent so
please go over to her channel and
subscribe I'll leave a link in the
description down below like her videos
leave her comments watch them and just
support her thank you guys so much and
now back to the vlog also we've still
got scrubs still in the house the
massive massive dog that I won at winter
wonderland there's definitely no space
for him in this room still and this
Hedgehog over here also no space for him
in the room
but Alex he really likes them so they're
gonna stay now gonna shape out to be a
good day gonna get some studying in get
some fun in catch up with you guys later
[Music]
so the first stop in our long day of
errands is to go to Fortnum's and Mason
so Alexia wants to pick up some hot
chocolate for her dad from here and I'm
gonna get my parents some Turkish
Delight because I got it for them last
year for Christmas and they were
absolutely obsessed even though I know
it's gonna add to the increased risk of
diabetes and hypertension they really
really like it so it'll be alright
[Music]
okay so just that fornum in Mason I gone
to a little bit of beef with a guy in
his could be there where are we going
Burlington we're gonna pass through
Reddington I hate the Burlington Arcade
[Music]
I'm crying again
every time I mind the cold
I like cry out of my right eye so we're
walking through this place about the
Burlington Arcade and it's basically a
collection of small shops we dislike
really huge decorations up on the
ceiling and this is something I would
never ever find myself or think to go to
by myself that's all Alexia she's done a
great job researching all kinds of
interesting things here in London for us
to do
[Music]
future car
all right so apparently heading into
Sarah as Alexia needs to return a couple
of things this is region Street which is
one of the very popular streets here and
London is always busy with lots of
tourists it has all the different shops
that you might want why I'm usually here
is because I'm going to the Apple store
in order to pick up something from there
but not today so if you've gone
girlfriend for your brother and you've
ever gone shopping with your mother or
your sister and you'll be familiar with
the situation when you get into a
massive clothes shop and you don't like
shopping nothing to do you just have to
sit down and wait it out so me and all
my buddies here the stairs are doing the
same thing
[Music]
all right we've been walking around for
a couple of hours so we've come to the
best possible ways in order to brief
people
[Music]
all right so Alex he is still going
through so excited to get a head start
on going to the grocery store and
getting a couple of things that we need
for the home he's gonna get a couple of
things that we can cook dinner tonight
and have some snacks in the house hungry
enjoy this little shopping montage time
[Music]
all right got everything we need get
ahead to the cashier find out leaks here
[Music]
what's up guys all right so we finally
made it back home just gonna unpack
everything fairly quickly Alex and I are
gonna make some tea gonna unwind a
little bit we've been walking around for
something like six hours down we really
left early in the morning and we've just
been all day can you believe that
karma medic one million views in july
2019 currently in december and i think
we just passed four million it's been
crazy all right so we finished our
little chill session and we have a
couple of hours until we go out later in
the evening i'm gonna use that time to
edit the vlog for this thursday it's a
really good one it's a week in the life
vlog medical school it's a little bit
long right now i'm gonna try and put it
down a bit but i'm sure you guys will
enjoy it very much
so i'm just gonna set you up on this
tripod enjoy this time i took me editing
[Music]
you ever wonder what my hair looks like
when I wake up this is pretty much it
Alex he always says I look like Sonic
the Hedgehog I mean that's been need of
some breakfast and we've decided to make
french toast so can go get started on my
mouth
[Music]
Alexia's final product clearly the
superior version
[Music]
alright guys so we're about an hour deep
into our study session and Alexia has
very kindly give me a little assortment
of snacks over here anyway so we're just
gonna push through for a couple more
hours actually try and turn around the
day and make it productive and then
we'll take the rest of the evening off
and have some fun gonna watch a French
movie was it called cereal bun weddings
will probably watch that and we're gonna
make yeah others for dinner
[Music]
I guess so we've been waiting for a
package to ride for a couple of days now
which one is it not one that small
little package I'm the big one
hey that's not hard split all right so
I've never worn glasses before in my
life so I'm pretty excited about this
and I'm gonna lie I've always wanted to
know how I would look like I'm gonna try
them out for about a week or so see if
they make any difference for me again
they're supposed to block out blue light
which is supposed to help decrease I
strained okay you know if they make a
difference all right guys finally done
studying for the day I'm really excited
to go cook dinner 8:00 because I'm
really hungry and pee because we're
making enchiladas
[Music]
say guys we were so hungry that I forgot
to show you the final product of the
Giada dinner but we ate a was really
good and we just finished watching the
movie cereal bad weddings yeah very very
funny would highly recommend and I think
that's what I'm gonna end the vlog for
today I hope you guys have enjoyed this
different kind of video I know it's not
focused around medicine and studying it
was more of a fun and lifestyle type
blog with me and my girlfriend over the
weekend hopefully you guys enjoyed it
and if you did please do leave a like on
this video and subscribe to the channel
to see more contests from me in the
future and I will see you in the next
one peace oh my god the hope I came up
for you
you